README.md, before:

# LibVF.IO

LibVF.IO is a vendor neutral GPU multiplexing tool driven by YAML & VFIO.

# Documentation

The following pages provide a basic introduction to LibVF.IO:

1. [Deploy](docs/deployment.md)
2. [Using](docs/using.md)
3. [Undeploy](docs/undeployment.md)
4. [Example](docs/example.md)

# Release Features

1. Automated installation
2. Intel mediated device support
3. Nvidia mediated device support
4. AMDGPU mediated device support
5. YAML Configuration files
6. Create VM
7. Start VM
8. Stop VM
9. List available kernels
10. List available states
11. List running kernels
12. Deploy script
13. Undeploy script

# Future Features

1. Wider OS support for automated installation
2. Snapshot + Block diff copy
3. Runtime hot-plugging/hot-unplugging

# License

Copyright (C) 2021 2666680 Ontario Inc.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Added setup guide and community Discord links.

README.md, after:

# LibVF.IO

LibVF.IO is a vendor neutral GPU multiplexing tool driven by YAML & VFIO.

# Community

Join the LibVF.IO community here, we'd love to hear your suggestions or help you troubleshoot if you need help!
https://discord.gg/gWAD8j4u

# Documentation

Read the setup guide here:
https://arccompute.com/blog/libvfio-commodity-gpu-multiplexing/

The following pages provide a basic introduction to LibVF.IO:

1. [Deploy](docs/deployment.md)
2. [Using](docs/using.md)
3. [Undeploy](docs/undeployment.md)
4. [Example](docs/example.md)

# Release Features

1. Automated installation
2. Intel mediated device support
3. Nvidia mediated device support
4. AMDGPU mediated device support
5. YAML Configuration files
6. Create VM
7. Start VM
8. Stop VM
9. List available kernels
10. List available states
11. List running kernels
12. Deploy script
13. Undeploy script

# Future Features

1. Wider OS support for automated installation
2. Snapshot + Block diff copy
3. Runtime hot-plugging/hot-unplugging

# License

Copyright (C) 2021 2666680 Ontario Inc.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
